Now I will show how to remove the door card on
car E39 white Pyaterochka means
the very first thing to consider is that
we have two screws here
the first plane where the doorknob and 2
the case goes air but in order to
remove the screw where the doorknob need
such a small stub away from here
From this you need a thin screwdriver
either somehow pry like this my not
plug and you can immediately unscrew
any screwdriver that is at hand
cruciform
there and unscrew here, too, Samara
now we need
preferably with some lining
soft or just maybe a piece
cloth in any all but need to shoot
a quart when you take a card with us
here in these places like this around the perimeter
It means the grooves are plastic
picnic
they are considered disposable so if
us broke when opening or when
Removing or installing will have to
either replace the card will not be tight
to fit
how to pry how to take it neatly
Now I will show if you can not
grasp here is simply necessary
a little bit to hook and start here so no
neither update let's say electrical tape here
In this case, on the contrary , they felt
here is the plastic to their techno and here
just go ahead feel what is
there and like that in the whole door neatly
so no no growing would not hurt
on that door and because the material of each
the doors are quite soft since
molded cartoon
and further it goes already easier then
neat bitch that is and now movement
a little bit already
class this is this pepsico which goes on
closing the door from the inside so now we
I need this pen which does not give
map move push inside
make it turn to the left and push
this card remains in our hands now
far and do not remove means you need to remove
wires for prevent us from going wire
on the mean window inside
he just pokes his head out
on yourself like that such a connector also
can you draw it
if you need to remove the button
too easily removed
fingertips
the inside of the map here
our button means up it
it turns out that's a white arrow
lift these pro lifts it
lower so fix now we still
backlight goes to the lamp
not for the cards in order to remove need
just here again from the inside
here is just a race press down and squeeze
out she appears now we and
pushes the square and here we have it
remains learning hands now
door card removed we can postpone it